Update README.md with more specific details about az_nohttp. (#1219)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: README.md

- **Logging**: As our SDK performs operations, it can send log messages to a customer-defined callback. Customers can enable this to assist with debugging and diagnosing issues when leveraging our SDK code. See the [Logging SDK Operations](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/master/sdk/docs/core#logging-sdk-operations) section of the `Azure Core` README for more information.

> - **Contexts**: Contexts offer an I/O cancellation mechanism. Multiple contexts can be composed together in your application�s call tree. When a context is canceled, its children are also canceled. See the [Canceling an Operation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/master/sdk/docs/core#canceling-an-operation) section of the `Azure Core` README for more information.

Reviewer: Please revert this change.

Author: no idea where it came from

> - **Contexts**: Contexts offer an I/O cancellation mechanism. Multiple contexts can be composed together in your application�s call tree. When a context is canceled, its children are also canceled. See the [Canceling an Operation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/master/sdk/docs/core#canceling-an-operation) section of the `Azure Core` README for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Contexts**: Contexts offer an I/O cancellation mechanism. Multiple contexts can be composed together in your application's call tree. When a context is canceled, its children are also canceled. See the [Canceling an Operation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/master/sdk/docs/core#canceling-an-operation) section of the `Azure Core` README for more information.

```
